# SaveWarpFinder

A Python script for finding warp sequences in GoldSrc and Old Source Engine games.

## Command line argument specification
`python builder.py -g <gameAbbr> -d "<destinationStr>" [-m <maxPathLength>]`

- `gameAbbr`: the abbreviation for the game in which to find warps
  - Available options: `hl1`, `op4`, `bs`, `hl2`
- `destinationStr`: desired destination for which to find warps, formatted as `<map> at: <x> x, <y> y, <z> z` where `map` is the map name and the xyz coordinates are provided
- `maxPathLength` (optional): desired maximum chain length of warps to find (default is 35)

## How to use
1. Dump all your potential starting positions for warps (*waypoints*) into a `waypoints_<gameAbbr>.txt` file, where `gameAbbr` corresponds to the abbreviation for the game in which to find warps (see above). Waypoints shall be described in the following format: `<map> | <x> <y> <z>`. For making waypoints, use `swarp_wp_` commands from SWT:
    - `swarp_wp_add` creates a new waypoint in the player's current position on current map and adds it to the list.
    - `swarp_wp_dump` dumps all waypoints in the list into console in the above format.
    - `swarp_wp_clear` clears the list.
2. Save the waypoints file in the directory in which `builder.py` resides.
3. Run `builder.py` using the command line arguments specified above. As a new warp chain is found, it will be dumped into `stdout`.
    - If desired, the output can instead be piped into a file by appending ` > outfile.txt` to the command.

## Adding another game
To add another game as an option for SaveWarpFinder, first determine an appropriate abbreviation for the game. Once that is chosen, all that is required is to build `config` and `landmark` files for the game.

The landmark file should be a simple `txt` file with a newline-separated collection of landmarks formatted as `"<map_from>","<landmark>","<map_to>","<x> <y> <z>"`, where `map_from` indicates the map on which the `landmark` exists, the coordinates are for its location on that map, and `map_to` is the map to which the corresponding changelevel trigger leads. The file should be named `landmark_<gameAbbr>.txt`, where `gameAbbr` is the abbreviation you have chosen for the game.

The config file, which should be named `config_<gameAbbr>.json`, needs to follow the below JSON specification:
- `graphFile`: name of the landmark file generated above
- `waypointsFile`: name of the waypoints file generated by the user (see "How to use" section)
- `bannedTransitions`: list of transitions the player cannot activate, where each transition is an array formatted as `[<map_from>, <landmark>, <map_to>]`
- `voidMaps`: list of maps which allow the player to freely move out of bounds
- `warpStartMap`: first map of the game for a speedrun (not necessarily the same as the first map of the game itself)
- `isSourceOE`: `true` if the game is Source Old Engine, `false` if the game is GoldSrc
